README.md, before:

### April 20th, commit: 5e69e5f

I am feeling that the write method for PencilWriter should not be returning the written text from the page.
I am hoping that in future commits I can maybe introduce a "Paper" object into the PencilWriter which will be written
to and then can be examined by the tests in the assertions.  I think that direction would feel closer to how this would
behave in the real world.

... a bit later that day

- If the pencil is given two sets of text in succession to write where the first text terminates with a space, should the
pencil writer continue to provide a space between the two sets of text?
- How should tabs be treated when it comes to pencil durability?  I am guessing this is not a concern because how would a
pencil write a tab in the first place but I am not sure if this is a bad assumption.
- If uppercase characters cost 2 points of durability, perhaps punctuation marks such as periods should cost a fraction 
of a point?

### April 22nd, commit 57c9bb3

It's weird to see the eraser change text written and leaving gaps ("Some simple text" --> "Some ______ text").  I am
doing that deliberately as I see that is the behavior that erasers have on paper in the real world.

Also, I really dislike having to implement the builder pattern to overcome various optional parameters in the 
constructor of the PencilWriter.  I was tempted repeatedly to just provide setters for those properties which would be 
simpler but not fitting the requirement of what is called out in the readme file for the kata.

I am really happy that I broke out the writing of the pencil and the retrieval of the written text.  I haven't yet gone
so far as to implement a Paper object as I mentioned on Friday but none the less I am much more comfortable with the
code written now.

It really feels like the future work on the eraser is going to evolve to where it will share logic with the pencil
degradation logic written earlier.

### Final notes

I was really expecting that toward the end of the kata the logic for erasing and editing of text would have shared 
behaviors.  

- It was unclear when editing text what to do if the text to edit has been written more than once.  I made an assumption
here that it should follow the same behavior already setup for text erasure where the last instance should be the focus.
- I made assumptions on how to handle error scenarios for when erasing or editing text that was never written.  I
decided on having the PencilWriter complete the action with no effective changes to the text written.  If this is a bad
assumption please let me know and I will adjust this.

Commit message:

Adjusting gradle to output the results of the tests.  Final updates to the readme file.

README.md, after:

# Pencil Durability Kata

## Overview
This is a completed kata written in a Java/Gradle project.
Please review the tests found in this project that demonstrate the working features of this kata.
If you run `gradle cleanTest test`, Gradle will execute each of these tests and provide their outcomes.

## ASSUMPTIONS made when completing this kata
- It was unclear when editing text what to do if the text to edit has been written more than once.  I made an assumption
here that it should follow the same behavior already setup for text erasure where the last instance should be the focus.
- I made assumptions on how to handle error scenarios for when erasing or editing text that was never written.  I
decided on having the PencilWriter complete the action with no effective changes to the text written.  If this is a bad
assumption please let me know and I will adjust this.

## Below is a running journal of my efforts when completing this kata

### April 20th, commit: 5e69e5f

I am feeling that the write method for PencilWriter should not be returning the written text from the page.
I am hoping that in future commits I can maybe introduce a "Paper" object into the PencilWriter which will be written
to and then can be examined by the tests in the assertions.  I think that direction would feel closer to how this would
behave in the real world.

... a bit later that day

- If the pencil is given two sets of text in succession to write where the first text terminates with a space, should the
pencil writer continue to provide a space between the two sets of text?
- How should tabs be treated when it comes to pencil durability?  I am guessing this is not a concern because how would a
pencil write a tab in the first place but I am not sure if this is a bad assumption.
- If uppercase characters cost 2 points of durability, perhaps punctuation marks such as periods should cost a fraction 
of a point?

### April 22nd, commit 57c9bb3

It's weird to see the eraser change text written and leaving gaps ("Some simple text" --> "Some ______ text").  I am
doing that deliberately as I see that is the behavior that erasers have on paper in the real world.

Also, I really dislike having to implement the builder pattern to overcome various optional parameters in the 
constructor of the PencilWriter.  I was tempted repeatedly to just provide setters for those properties which would be 
simpler but not fitting the requirement of what is called out in the readme file for the kata.

I am really happy that I broke out the writing of the pencil and the retrieval of the written text.  I haven't yet gone
so far as to implement a Paper object as I mentioned on Friday but none the less I am much more comfortable with the
code written now.

It really feels like the future work on the eraser is going to evolve to where it will share logic with the pencil
degradation logic written earlier.

- It is strange that there is a higher cost in pencil durability for uppercase character and this is not a factor when
erasing these characters.

### Final notes

I was really expecting that toward the end of the kata the logic for erasing and editing of text would have shared 
behaviors.
